Don't come over.
Don't come here
I am scum
I don't taste good I'm scum I don't taste good
Don't come here
Ah!
Miss Song, why are you here?
Someone wants to hurt you
Come with me.
I'll have someone take you out of town tomorrow morning, Miss Song
Recent things
I'm so sorry.
It's not that I don't have you in my heart
But at that time, I had someone in my heart
What do you say this for?
Who do you like?
Who you want to be with is your business
I didn't mean that. I'll go.
I've opened the room, you can sleep here tonight
I'll come back to you tomorrow morning.
Miss Xie Song
Hey, hey, Miss Su, what are you doing?
We are still friends
I am not
I'm not that kind of person.
I am a gentleman
Are all the women who have come back from studying abroad so open?
in good shape
It shouldn't matter if you take a few more glances.
Oh, no.
He must be poisoned
No no
Wait a minute, there are people out there who are killing you
Are you going out now to unite with death?
What to do then?
The poison letter is about to spread to the heart
Did you watch him die?
But
The nearest hospital is also 5 kilometers away.
When you get there, his body will be cold
Do you remember
The last time you were poisoned
How did you survive?
Are you going to use moisture to fight poison with poison?
But here is not a pile
There is still remnants in it after you absorbed it last time.
Chop him with your mouth
I treated my sister-in-law like that last time.
Don't you care
Miss Song saved me
I can't just watch him die
I'm sorry, sister-in-law.